
<h1>Founded in 2021</h1> CAMPREC is the pioneer of organized recruitment services in India. Over a few months, we have acted as preferred talent acquisition partners to multinationals , leading Indian businesses and aspiring students to emerge as the leading talent solutions provider in India. This combined with our role as trusted consultants for Indian professionals translates into our core capability - Building Careers. Building Organisations.
CAMPREC’s roots in management consulting bring a unique approach to recruitment at senior and middle management levels .
We helped in the recruitment  across various industry sectors for multinational corporations ,leading Indian business houses as well as thousands of colleges  and have helped shaped the careers of over 65,000 professionals and aspiring students in our 3 months of history.
 
 
<h1>Our Story</h1>
<h2>The world is changing</h2>
<li>We live in a post-digital age, an era of constant technological change, transforming rapidly the way we live, work and relate to each other. Technology has become an everyday component in our lives; it is the invisible engine that powers the world around us. In a 24/7 economy, clients have different needs. The way they work is changing and this also influences the skills and talent they need. New, digital HR solutions and tools are disrupting our market by drastically changing the way people connect to jobs and the role we play in this space. Clients and candidates expect to be served anywhere, anytime, and through any device, in a way we never imagined possible before, influencing the way we work.</li>
<li>Therefore, CAMPREC is investing heavily in new technologies, making a giant leap forward into the world of tech. We are acquiring external knowledge and expertise through acquisitions and innovating through our Digital Factory. It will enable us to shape our new role and ensure our leading position in an industry becoming predominantly digital and data driven.</li>
<li>Where others brace for disruption, we see underlying continuity. Our ongoing journey is not just about digital transformation. While innovative technology will be necessary for connecting clients and candidates in the future, improving our tools is not the end of the story. Offering a seamless digital experience is only the price of entry – what matters most and will have a greater impact than ever before is our unique added value: the human touch we bring to the table. In a fast changing digital world clients and candidates want a trusted human partner. It is here, at the intersection between technology and humanity, where we can distinguish ourselves from our competitors by delivering a true human experience.</li>
<h2>Where we come from</h2>
<li>We know from our heritage that real connections are not made from data and algorithms – they require human involvement. Empathy. Intuition. Instinct. These human qualities have defined CAMPREC from the very beginning. They express the strong values on which CAMPREC was founded and which remain relevant today: to know, serve and trust, striving for perfection and the simultaneous promotion of all interests. In knowing more, we can better serve our clients and candidates, delighting them by creating relationships based on trust.
</li>
<li>This trust is enhanced by continuously striving for perfection, while simultaneously promoting the interests of all our stake-holders and society as a whole. Living by these core values has provided us with a deep knowledge of clients and candidates spanning more than 55 years. With this in-depth understanding of the world of work, we support candidates to realise their true potential and enable employers to sustain their success. Our values ensure that people are always at the heart of our process.
</li>
<h2>Making a meaningful difference</h2>
<li>In a world focused on disruptive technologies, our humanity ensures continuity. We know from our heart and history that it is the human side of our business that makes the difference. We know how important a job is in a candidate’s life. And we always have been passionate about supporting people and organisations realise their true potential. That is CAMPREC’s role in society. Each of us is committed to going above and beyond to make our candidates and clients successful. To achieve this goal we use technology to our advantage. We apply digital innovations to improve our services. To make processes smart, simple, and efficient. To get better insights, based on data.</li>
<li>At the same time, we recognise these efficiencies for what they are: a means to an end. A means to free up our people to focus on our most important asset – the personal connection. Creating an HR experience that is more human. One that allows us to ask the right questions. To dive deeper than a resume or a job opening. To understand the heart and soul of a company. To propel our clients and candidates forward.This is the essence of our Tech & Touch strategy. Tech enabling our touch, by empowering our people to change the way we think and work, supported by technology.</li>
<h2>A trusted human partner</h2>
<li>Today, we are in the unique position to redefine the way we connect with our clients and candidates. Becoming the trusted human partner in the technology-driven world of work will lead to even higher appreciation from those we serve. It will provide our clients and candidates the human insight and attention they desire. And, ultimately, it will enable us to maximise future employment and economic growth for society as a whole. By combining our passsion for people with the power of today’s technology, we will create an experience that is inherently more human.</li>
